Add workaround for Pytorch bug (#74)
lab-cosmo/pet-mad: README.md

- Reduce the structure size
- Try to use LAMMPS (Kokkos-GPU version) and run with multiple MPI tasks to enable domain decomposition
- As a last resort, use non-conservative forces and stresses
- If you hit a weird bug when running more than 65535 atoms on GPU, this is not an out-of-memory bug, but a
  pytorch bug. You can fix it by adding `torch.backends.cuda.enable_mem_efficient_sdp(False)`
  (after importing torch) near the top of your file.

>   top of your file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Reduce the structure size
- Try to use LAMMPS (Kokkos-GPU version) and run with multiple MPI tasks to enable domain decomposition
- As a last resort, use non-conservative forces and stresses
- If you hit a weird bug when running more than 65535 atoms on GPU, this is not an out-of-memory bug, but a

>   pytorch bug. You can fix it by adding `torch.backends.cuda.enable_mem_efficient_sdp(False)` at the

Author: ```suggestion
  pytorch bug. You can fix it by adding `torch.backends.cuda.enable_mem_efficient_sdp(False)`
  (after importing torch) near the top of your file.
```
